How do we make a recommendation when three out of
our four metrics had a significant difference for testing each metric individually,
but insignificant differences when we use the Bonferroni correction?
The Bonferroni method is a conservative one,
and since we expect the metrics to be correlated,
this would be best handled by
a more sophisticated method that ideally takes this correlation into account.
In the instructor notes,
there is a list of possible other methods that are less conservative.
Should you choose one of these methods,
you should ensure that the assumptions of the method are truly met in your scenario.
Choosing a poorly suited test that simply provides the results that you want is
not only bad practice but will likely lead to
misguided decisions that harm your company's performance in the long run.